RN2308 (#1197)
elasticio/elasticio.github.io: content/_releases/23/08.md

---
title: Product Update - v23.08
description: Details of the product update v23.08 from 27th of February 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.08"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-02-27
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.08.html
---

## Features

> ### Configurable Recipe Use for Contracts

Reviewer: I think this belongs in tenant / OEM features??

Author: I think probably not, because the OEM part is separated with {% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}. That is, not everyone will have access to this section. However, the change applies to everyone.

> As a continuation of the updates introduced in Release [23.06](/releases/23/06#new-recipe-createedit-ui-features), we have added new features in recipe management. This feature allows you to control which users are allowed to create/edit Recipes (by default, all users can use the recipes feature). You can set it up with a new permission `tenants.contract.edit_feature_flags` - allow to set the feature flags for Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a continuation of the updates introduced in Release [23.06](/releases/23/06#new-recipe-createedit-ui-features), we have added new features in recipe management. This feature allows Tenant Admins and Owners to control which users are allowed to create/edit Recipes (by default, all users can use the recipes feature). You can set it up with a new permission `tenants.contract.edit_feature_flags` - allow to set the feature flags for Contract.
```

This feature is only available to certain tenant-level Users - lets please make that obvious

In this regard, POST and PATCH v2/contracts endpoins were changed - added an ability to set the feature flags for Contract.

> **Please Note:** this permission belongs to tenant admins by default.

> Herer you can see an example of a request body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see an example of a request body:
```

```
{
  "data": {
    "type": "contract",
    "attributes": {
      "name": "Contract name",
      "available_roles": [
        {
          "scope": "contracts",
          "role": "admin"
        }
      ],
      "flow_stats_enabled_default": true,
      "support_user_id": "5b4f337bff4304610483ba67",
      "custom_data": {
        "description": "Contract description"
      },
      "feature_flags": {
        "disable_recipe_feature": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Please Note:** "disable_recipe_feature" set to "true" be default.

### Extend the UI view class `RESTAPIView` with the `application/x-ndjson`

We transformed "Content type" dropdown on the "Body" tab of the REST API v2 component to a text field with a dropdown of a hints:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2308/rn2308-rest-api-v2.png" title="Export Recipe" %}

> - the hints appear on focus into the field and list changes when you're entering something into the text field (search for existing values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the hints appear when your cursor is over the field and list reacts when you enter characters into the text field.
```

- you can choose an item from the hints dropdown
- if nothing to choose, you can type your custom content type and save it
- we validate Content-type header according to [list of all the official MIME types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml).

### Reducing the refresh time of auth-secrets

> Before we refresh token for auth-secrets in 1 minute before exparation. But some external APIs (as example, [ExactOnline](https://support.exactonline.com/community/login?ec=301&startURL=%2Fcommunity%2Fs%2Fknowledge-base%23All-All-DNO-Simulation-gen-apilimits)) don't allow to refresh secret very early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now refresh auth-secret tokens closer to the token expiry. This change to 30 seconds before expiry (it used to be 60 seconds) is because various external APIs do not allow refreshes 1 minute before expiry (as example, [ExactOnline](https://support.exactonline.com/community/login?ec=301&startURL=%2Fcommunity%2Fs%2Fknowledge-base%23All-All-DNO-Simulation-gen-apilimits)) don't allow to refresh secret very early.
```
